ShaadiPage Privacy Policy

Last updated: 4 August, 2021
Version : SP_PRIVACY_POLICY_Version_1

Definitions

“User”, “You” “Data Subjects” defined as the registered user of the ShaadiPage App, who has completed the ShaadiPage registration process.
“Company”, “ShaadiPage” "We" defined as ShaadiPage.
“Service”, is the defined as the services provided as part of the ShaadiPage App, that includes services to provide the contact email id of the registered users of the ShaadiPage App, for the purpose of Shaadi Parichay.
“User Information” is defined as the information the “User” has shared with the “Company”

1. What personal data we collect and process

We only collect the data that User provides in the registration form when User registers on the ShaadiPage App. We do not collect any other personaly identifiable data from the user.

2. Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the ShaadiPage app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Such Log Data is collected in an anonymized way and cannot be directly traced to a User.

3. App Permissions for Android App

ShaadiPage Android App uses following App Permissions.
 WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_SMS, RECEIVE_SMS

Reason for these permissions explained below
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, - To allow user to set profile photo.
    READ_SMS, RECEIVE_SMS - To process subscription based payments using Instamojo Android SDK.

4. How we use the personal data

Company uses the collected personal data for various purposes:

• To provide you with Contacts for the purpose of Shaadi Parichay.
• To notify you about changes to our services and/or products.
• To provide customer support.
• To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our services.
• To detect, prevent and address technical issues.

5. Disclosure to Third Parties.

We do not disclose your privacy information mentioned to any Third Party except as required by Law as mentioned in Section 12 below.

6. Disclosures as needed by the Law.

If and when required under the provisions of India Law, and by Indian Law Enforcement agencies, we may have to disclose your information to the relevant Law Enforcement agencies. Any such disclosure shall only be done to the relevant Law Enforcement Agency and shall be purely compliant with the Indian Constitution and the Indian Law.

7. Third Party Services

The ShaadiPage app does use third party services. These third party services may collect information used to identify you. These third party services used by ShaadiPage are as follows.
A Google Play Services.

B. Instamojo Android SDK
You are requested to review the privacy statements of these third party service providers on their respective websites.

ShaadiPage does not share any user information with these third party services.

8. Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

9. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review the ShaadiPage official privacy policy page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

10. Jurisdiction

Jurisdiction for any dispute resolution related to this Privacy Policy is by arbitration at Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.

11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. You can email at gkaq12@gmail.com
~                                                                                                                                        

1,25          Top
